Add Information About OPENLINEAGE_NAMESPACE (#1611)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-data-lineage.md

## Extract lineage data from external systems to Astro

> When you integrate an external data lineage system with Astro or you are working with Astro locally, you need to define the `OPENLINEAGE_NAMESPACE`, `OPENLINEAGE_URL`, and `OPENLINEAGE_API_KEY` environment variables to make sure the correct OpenLineage data is sent to Astro. To locate the `OPENLINEAGE_NAMESPACE` variable in the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then copy the value with the format `<text>-<text>-<four-digit-number>` next to the Deployment name. The format for the `OPENLINEAGE_URL` variable is `https://astro-<your-astro-base-domain>.datakin.com`. To locate the `OPENLINEAGE_API_KEY` variable, go to `https://cloud.<your-astro-base-domain>.io/settings` and copy the value in the **Lineage API Key** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you integrate an external data lineage system with Astro or you are working with Astro locally outside of a supported Airflow operator, you need to provide a Deployment namespace, your Organization's OpenLineage URL, and your organization's OpenLineage API key. This information is used to send OpenLineage data to the correct place in Astro. 

To locate the your Deployment namespace in the Cloud UI, select a Workspace and then copy the value with the format `<text>-<text>-<four-digit-number>` next to the Deployment name. To locate your Organization's OpenLineage URL and OpenLineage API key, go to `https://cloud.<your-astro-base-domain>.io/settings` and copy the values in **OpenLineage URL** and **OpenLineage API key** respectively.
```

Reviewer: - Updated this to use the UI for copying the OpenLineage URL
- Removed environment variable formatting as there's no actual environment variable you need to configure with these names. In the setups that follow, you provide the value as opposed to a specific env var.
- Made it clear that this is only for integrating with an external system _that doesn't already have a supported Airflow operator_.
